Update the EVM node page to use v0.1 (#159)
etherlinkcom/docs: docs/network/evm-nodes.md

## Prerequisites

- Make sure you understand the interaction between different nodes as described in [Etherlink architecture](/network/architecture).

> - If you want to remove the sequencer operator from your Trusted Computing Base (TCB), run an Etherlink Smart Rollup node as described in [Running an Etherlink Smart Rollup node](/network/smart-rollup-nodes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you want to verify the blueprints that come from the sequencer, run an Etherlink Smart Rollup node as described in [Running an Etherlink Smart Rollup node](/network/smart-rollup-nodes).
Otherwise, the EVM node trusts how the sequencer processes transactions and updates the Etherlink state.
```
Not sure if this is exactly accurate but we can be more specific than the general term TCB.

Author: :+1:

Public Smart Rollup nodes for Etherlink are not yet available, so you must run your own if you want to participate in the Etherlink network.

The EVM node runs Etherlink's kernel.
You can get the kernel by importing it from a running Etherlink Smart Rollup node or by providing the installer kernel.

## Getting the `octez-evm-node` binary

> The easiest way to get the `octez-evm-node` daemon is to download the binaries distributed as part of its latest release (currently [`v0.1`](https://gitlab.com/tezos/tezos/-/releases/octez-evm-node-v0.1)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to get the `octez-evm-node` binary is to download the binaries distributed as part of its latest release (currently [`v0.1`](https://gitlab.com/tezos/tezos/-/releases/octez-evm-node-v0.1)).
```

More precisely, we provide static binaries for Linux systems (for amd64 and arm64 architectures).

> Besides, we have also published a [minimal Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/layers/tezos/tezos-bare/octez-evm-node-v0.1/images/sha256-e5fdf87f2827dd971e2097faff88c6c6ce53793a2191a903a6a905a647c051f5?context=explore) containing the daemon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative, you can use the minimal Docker image [tezos/tezos-bare:octez-evm-node-v0.1](https://hub.docker.com/layers/tezos/tezos-bare/octez-evm-node-v0.1/images/sha256-e5fdf87f2827dd971e2097faff88c6c6ce53793a2191a903a6a905a647c051f5?context=explore), which contains the correct version of the binary.
```

Author: :+1:

## Initializing the data directory

> 1. If you want your EVM node to check the correctness of the blueprints it receives via a Smart Rollup node, set the `sr_node_observer_rpc` environment variable, such as `http://localhost:8932`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you want your EVM node to check the correctness of the blueprints it receives via a Smart Rollup node, set the `sr_node_observer_rpc` environment variable to the URL of that Etherlink Smart Rollup node, such as `http://localhost:8932`.
```

Author: :+1:

     --evm-node-endpoint https://relay.mainnet.etherlink.com
   ```

   Alternatively, if you want to rely on a Smart Rollup node to check the correctness of blueprints coming from the sequencer, use `--rollup-node-endpoint`:

   ```bash
   octez-evm-node init config \
     --data-dir $evm_observer_dir --rollup-node-endpoint $sr_node_observer_rpc \
     --preimages-endpoint https://snapshots.eu.tzinit.org/etherlink-mainnet/wasm_2_0_0 \
     --evm-node-endpoint https://relay.mainnet.etherlink.com
   ```

   This configuration uses the preimages that the Tezos Foundation hosts on a file server on a so-called "preimages endpoint".
   It's safe to use these preimages because the node verifies them.
   If you don't want to use third-party preimages, you can build the kernel yourself and move the contents of the `wasm_2_0_0/` directory to the local data directory; see [Building the Etherlink kernel](/network/building-kernel).
   However, in this case, you must manually update this directory with the preimages of every kernel voted by the community and deployed on Etherlink after that.

## Running the node

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can initialize the node from a snapshot or allow it to compute the Etherlink state from genesis, which can take a long time.

```

Author: :+1:

### From an existing Etherlink Smart Rollup node

> 1. Download [a Smart Rollup node snapshot](https://snapshots.eu.tzinit.org/etherlink-ghostnet/), and use the `octez-smart-rollup-node` executable to import it in a temporary directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download [an Etherlink Smart Rollup node snapshot](https://snapshots.eu.tzinit.org/etherlink-ghostnet/), and use the `octez-smart-rollup-node` binary to import it in a temporary directory.
```

This is a link to Ghostnet but the command uses Mainnet.

Author: :+1:

   ```bash
   wget https://snapshots.eu.tzinit.org/etherlink-mainnet/eth-mainnet.full
   octez-smart-rollup-node --endpoint https://rpc.tzkt.io/mainnet \
     snapshot import eth-mainnet.full \
     --data-dir $sr_observer_data_dir
   ```

   :::tip

>    If you are running a Smart Rollup node on the same machine, you can skip this step as you will be able to reuse its data-dir.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you are running a Smart Rollup node on the same machine, you can skip this step because you can reuse its data directory.
```

Author: :+1:
